feat: update docs w/ new runtime attributes and utils (#3420)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langgraph/use-graph-api.mdx

| `nodeFirstAttemptTime` | `number \| undefined` | Unix timestamp (seconds) of when the first attempt started. Stays the same across retries. |

#### Access thread and run IDs

Use `executionInfo` to access the thread ID, run ID, and other identity fields inside a node:

```ts
import { StateGraph, START, END, Annotation } from "@langchain/langgraph";

const State = Annotation.Root({
  result: Annotation<string>(),
});

const myNode = async (state: typeof State.State, runtime: any) => {
  const info = runtime.executionInfo;
  console.log(`Thread: ${info.threadId}, Run: ${info.runId}`);  // [!code highlight]
  return { result: "done" };
};

const graph = new StateGraph(State)
  .addNode("my_node", myNode)
  .addEdge(START, "my_node")
  .addEdge("my_node", END)
  .compile();
```

#### Adjust behavior based on retry state

When a node has a retry policy, use `executionInfo` to inspect the current attempt number and switch to a fallback after the first attempt fails:

```ts
import { StateGraph, START, END, Annotation } from "@langchain/langgraph";

const State = Annotation.Root({
  result: Annotation<string>(),
});

> const myNode = async (state: typeof State.State, runtime: any) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { StateGraph, StateSchema, START, END } from "@langchain/langgraph";
import * as z from "zod";

const State = new StateSchema({
  result: z.string(),
});

const myNode: GraphNode<typeof State> = async (state, runtime) => {
```
